>> Erik Reinert: Awesome, so
our policy has been created.
Now we need to create one more thing,
which is a role.
So Amazon and how its management works
is basically, you have policies,
policies are attached to roles,
and then users use roles, right?
And so that's kind of what
we are recreating here,
we're basically creating a policy.
We're creating the role, but
we don't have to create the user
because Amazon's the user in this case.
So we only really have to tell Amazon,
hey, here's what you're allowed access to.
And then here's the role that
we want you to be able to use.
And so what we're gonna do
is after we create a policy,
we're then gonna go to Roles.
We're gonna click Create Role.
I'm going to click Custom Trust Policy
because unfortunately,
I'm sorry,
there isn't App Runner in this list.
I don't know why App Runner is
not in this list, but it's not.
And so we have to create a custom trust
policy and copy a few more lines of code.
And so what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna paste this in, and
then here I'll give you
the second thing you wanna use.
So this at the top is for the policy,
and then this is for the role.
And so basically what we're
doing is we're telling
Amazon how this role can
work with Amazon Services.
We're basically saying, hey,
this role can assume role in the tasks.
And so you need this so that
App Runner can use its own custom role.
Okay, so I'm gonna click next.
It's gonna say, well, hey, do you have
any policies that you wanna attach?
Yes, I do.
I wanna attach the policy
that I just created.
So I type in the search bar FEM.
You'll see my FEM FD service.
And so now you can see how we're attaching
the permissions to the role, right?
Then we click next, and then we're gonna
do FEM FD service as the role name.
Again, our trust policy
is basically saying, hey,
anything that this role uses on
tasks.apprunner.amazonaws.com, I can use.
And then the policy says, okay,
these are the actual things
that I'm allowed to request
through SSM when I'm assumed
as that role all good.
Then we click Create Role.
There may be a little confusion
where you might look at this and go,
we just created a policy.
Why are we creating another policy?
Amazon, again, is really confusing and
I am especially is very confusing.
Effectively what you're doing
with a roles that's called what's
called an assume policy, which tells
Amazon where you can use this role and
what services on like a high level
of like domain, what you can use.
It's just like granting
access to the thing, right?
But that doesn't mean that you can use
the things inside of the thing that you're
accessing, right?
That's what a policy does.
So a policy says these are the things
inside of that big thing that you're
trying to access,
this is the granularity control.
But if you wanna even use the thing,
you have to tell me what
the role is allowed to use.
So it's a combination of the two.
It's what a role can access
from a service level and
then what inside of that
service can it use?
So they get glued together and
then that's how it creates its
permission sets and stuff.
So, yeah, one is an assume policy and
the other one is just a normal policy.
And assuming means like,
I want to use this thing on Amazon,
I'm assuming a role to use that.